dim silver bags contain 3 posh fuchsia bags.
wavy olive bags contain 1 striped olive bag, 1 dull cyan bag.
dull coral bags contain 1 dim olive bag, 5 muted violet bags, 2 dark gray bags.
bright olive bags contain 3 light indigo bags, 3 dark coral bags.
clear lavender bags contain 1 dark olive bag.
dim lime bags contain 3 dotted red bags.
drab indigo bags contain 5 striped coral bags, 2 muted bronze bags.
striped orange bags contain 5 wavy fuchsia bags, 5 clear red bags, 3 plaid red bags.
dotted indigo bags contain 2 plaid white bags, 1 wavy gold bag, 1 plaid silver bag.
posh crimson bags contain 3 clear crimson bags, 5 dotted silver bags, 3 dull crimson bags, 5 wavy violet bags.
mirrored tan bags contain 1 plaid white bag, 3 vibrant beige bags, 3 drab silver bags, 1 pale blue bag.
dull turquoise bags contain 5 plaid magenta bags, 3 bright aqua bags, 1 dim purple bag, 1 wavy orange bag.
dark tomato bags contain 1 plaid gray bag.
shiny red bags contain 4 vibrant maroon bags, 5 faded bronze bags.
clear tan bags contain 4 pale lime bags, 4 faded plum bags.
mirrored plum bags contain 1 wavy silver bag, 4 dim purple bags, 3 dim coral bags.
dotted orange bags contain 4 pale aqua bags, 3 dotted aqua bags, 4 clear beige bags.
wavy lime bags contain 5 dim salmon bags, 4 dark violet bags, 4 clear turquoise bags.
faded gray bags contain 2 dotted lime bags, 5 plaid tomato bags.
pale orange bags contain 5 faded maroon bags.
shiny lime bags contain 3 striped olive bags, 5 light fuchsia bags, 1 pale crimson bag, 1 pale salmon bag.
drab red bags contain 5 muted chartreuse bags, 4 clear purple bags, 4 drab silver bags, 3 posh green bags.
plaid plum bags contain 2 dim blue bags, 1 dim coral bag.
clear red bags contain 3 plaid teal bags, 4 vibrant orange bags, 1 pale red bag.
dark yellow bags contain 5 mirrored lavender bags, 5 dull bronze bags, 4 pale salmon bags, 5 wavy crimson bags.
clear violet bags contain 5 clear turquoise bags, 3 clear beige bags, 4 dim plum bags.
plaid cyan bags contain no other bags.
light salmon bags contain 3 dull yellow bags, 2 vibrant violet bags, 2 dark orange bags, 1 light magenta bag.
dim indigo bags contain 2 vibrant orange bags, 3 drab teal bags, 4 plaid indigo bags.
shiny magenta bags contain 1 dark salmon bag, 4 shiny gray bags, 2 mirrored purple bags.
drab coral bags contain 5 pale crimson bags, 1 mirrored aqua bag, 4 light red bags.
muted blue bags contain 1 dark green bag, 5 muted salmon bags, 4 posh beige bags, 4 pale salmon bags.
plaid salmon bags contain 5 striped white bags, 4 posh fuchsia bags, 5 faded turquoise bags.
vibrant bronze bags contain 1 bright orange bag, 2 bright plum bags.
dull salmon bags contain 2 pale crimson bags, 3 dark tan bags, 5 light plum bags.
striped magenta bags contain 4 wavy yellow bags, 3 bright chartreuse bags, 5 plaid cyan bags.
light olive bags contain 5 vibrant beige bags, 3 faded tomato bags, 1 dark indigo bag.
faded turquoise bags contain 2 shiny salmon bags, 3 wavy crimson bags, 5 dim yellow bags, 1 posh salmon bag.
pale fuchsia bags contain 2 posh blue bags, 4 mirrored blue bags, 3 wavy silver bags, 2 wavy crimson bags.
dotted tomato bags contain 2 dotted lime bags, 1 wavy teal bag, 1 mirrored black bag, 3 dull gold bags.
shiny maroon bags contain 5 striped salmon bags.
vibrant gray bags contain 5 clear tan bags, 5 plaid crimson bags, 3 striped cyan bags, 1 dark gold bag.
muted tomato bags contain 1 dull salmon bag.
striped salmon bags contain 4 plaid white bags, 5 dim salmon bags, 4 vibrant lime bags.
light tan bags contain 2 posh lavender bags, 5 shiny aqua bags.
wavy brown bags contain 2 posh lavender bags.
drab beige bags contain 5 plaid coral bags, 3 bright turquoise bags, 5 dark purple bags, 3 mirrored black bags.
bright tomato bags contain 1 bright teal bag, 2 bright tan bags, 2 dotted salmon bags.
dim tan bags contain 2 striped cyan bags, 5 wavy green bags, 3 drab beige bags.
light plum bags contain 4 clear silver bags, 1 vibrant chartreuse bag.
light black bags contain 1 muted tan bag, 2 dim yellow bags.
clear orange bags contain 5 mirrored violet bags, 1 wavy salmon bag, 3 dim plum bags.
bright gray bags contain 5 dim blue bags, 1 dotted red bag, 5 mirrored aqua bags.
striped cyan bags contain 4 striped teal bags, 1 dark tan bag, 1 dim green bag.
shiny olive bags contain 1 dark aqua bag, 2 muted lime bags.
clear brown bags contain 5 dark salmon bags.
dotted tan bags contain 2 plaid brown bags.
light green bags contain 5 plaid silver bags, 5 posh aqua bags, 3 dull green bags, 5 faded red bags.
posh coral bags contain 1 muted teal bag.
drab green bags contain 1 dotted blue bag.
dark fuchsia bags contain 2 wavy tomato bags, 3 faded plum bags.
vibrant purple bags contain 3 posh tomato bags, 4 dim purple bags, 5 plaid brown bags, 4 dotted red bags.
vibrant tomato bags contain 5 wavy orange bags, 1 striped teal bag.
faded coral bags contain 5 dotted maroon bags, 2 light tan bags, 1 plaid black bag, 4 dark indigo bags.
posh gold bags contain 4 mirrored plum bags.
muted beige bags contain 2 pale brown bags, 4 dull black bags, 4 vibrant blue bags.
dull green bags contain 3 drab silver bags, 5 dotted red bags, 3 mirrored violet bags, 3 bright black bags.
dark lime bags contain 5 light chartreuse bags, 3 pale magenta bags, 1 dull indigo bag.
dark orange bags contain 1 dark crimson bag, 2 clear turquoise bags, 2 dotted silver bags.
muted yellow bags contain 2 pale salmon bags, 3 bright plum bags, 3 shiny aqua bags, 5 plaid cyan bags.
vibrant white bags contain 5 dim coral bags, 5 dim bronze bags.
posh white bags contain 2 wavy blue bags, 3 clear chartreuse bags, 1 wavy coral bag, 5 drab turquoise bags.
faded violet bags contain 4 dim bronze bags.
bright yellow bags contain 5 pale violet bags, 2 striped fuchsia bags.
dim blue bags contain 2 posh salmon bags, 4 posh red bags, 5 clear turquoise bags, 4 muted lavender bags.
plaid olive bags contain no other bags.
posh plum bags contain 2 drab turquoise bags, 4 bright fuchsia bags, 4 drab indigo bags.
posh violet bags contain 3 plaid olive bags, 2 posh teal bags, 1 posh purple bag.
pale beige bags contain 4 wavy crimson bags, 5 shiny gold bags.
shiny turquoise bags contain 5 dark gray bags, 4 clear brown bags.
clear bronze bags contain 1 dull coral bag, 1 mirrored cyan bag, 2 dotted orange bags, 1 plaid magenta bag.
dark magenta bags contain 3 vibrant orange bags, 1 dull lime bag, 1 dim plum bag.
light silver bags contain 2 posh coral bags.
drab gold bags contain 5 mirrored gold bags, 1 bright blue bag.
dull fuchsia bags contain 3 pale blue bags.
muted brown bags contain 4 drab fuchsia bags, 4 plaid bronze bags.
bright coral bags contain 2 dull crimson bags.
clear black bags contain 5 striped brown bags.
mirrored coral bags contain 2 striped brown bags, 4 clear coral bags.
dull purple bags contain 1 plaid green bag, 5 shiny gold bags.
drab brown bags contain 4 striped coral bags, 1 muted magenta bag, 4 faded red bags.
faded plum bags contain 5 shiny orange bags.
vibrant violet bags contain 1 drab gold bag, 1 light violet bag.
clear salmon bags contain 5 posh orange bags, 1 wavy fuchsia bag, 5 mirrored yellow bags.
dull yellow bags contain 5 light orange bags, 4 striped purple bags.
striped olive bags contain 1 plaid beige bag, 1 shiny turquoise bag, 2 drab gold bags, 1 pale lime bag.
clear beige bags contain no other bags.
mirrored fuchsia bags contain 1 clear olive bag, 3 pale aqua bags.
posh turquoise bags contain 5 pale crimson bags, 3 dull cyan bags.
dull lime bags contain 3 plaid chartreuse bags.
wavy black bags contain 3 dull salmon bags, 5 plaid teal bags.
dim lavender bags contain 1 dark gray bag, 2 muted indigo bags.
wavy yellow bags contain 2 striped turquoise bags.
striped gray bags contain 3 drab white bags.
dotted magenta bags contain 3 plaid white bags, 4 clear beige bags, 1 faded maroon bag, 3 muted lavender bags.
vibrant coral bags contain 5 shiny olive bags, 2 pale brown bags.
dim aqua bags contain 5 striped crimson bags, 3 bright lavender bags.
pale lavender bags contain 3 vibrant tan bags.
bright fuchsia bags contain 2 dotted fuchsia bags.
dark black bags contain 5 drab purple bags, 3 striped yellow bags, 2 posh tan bags.
dark teal bags contain 3 plaid white bags, 5 bright cyan bags, 1 posh blue bag, 4 mirrored magenta bags.
plaid brown bags contain 3 bright plum bags, 1 muted magenta bag, 4 clear gray bags, 2 clear crimson bags.
mirrored magenta bags contain no other bags.
light brown bags contain 4 wavy red bags, 2 faded white bags.
dotted purple bags contain 2 pale lime bags.
clear teal bags contain 3 plaid red bags, 3 striped coral bags, 4 mirrored black bags, 2 posh red bags.
striped gold bags contain 3 bright plum bags, 2 mirrored gold bags.
dotted black bags contain 2 clear crimson bags, 1 dark violet bag, 2 clear teal bags, 3 mirrored purple bags.
dim gray bags contain 1 dotted salmon bag, 2 dim silver bags, 5 wavy black bags, 2 dotted green bags.
shiny black bags contain 3 plaid bronze bags, 5 dim plum bags, 3 muted teal bags, 5 muted magenta bags.
plaid orange bags contain 5 plaid crimson bags, 4 muted white bags, 4 dark lime bags, 5 plaid cyan bags.
striped fuchsia bags contain 1 dull bronze bag, 1 wavy aqua bag, 1 plaid salmon bag, 2 faded cyan bags.
wavy white bags contain 4 posh beige bags.
dull teal bags contain 1 vibrant blue bag, 1 light red bag, 3 striped brown bags.
vibrant chartreuse bags contain 1 shiny aqua bag, 4 clear crimson bags, 1 faded red bag, 1 dull crimson bag.
wavy cyan bags contain 5 striped red bags, 1 shiny magenta bag.
vibrant olive bags contain 3 light fuchsia bags, 5 pale tan bags, 5 light tomato bags.
dotted fuchsia bags contain 5 clear silver bags, 5 light aqua bags, 5 posh beige bags.
wavy tomato bags contain 2 wavy tan bags, 3 muted lavender bags, 2 pale salmon bags.
posh lime bags contain 4 drab lime bags, 4 dull lavender bags.
shiny white bags contain 1 plaid olive bag, 2 faded white bags, 2 dull salmon bags.
bright plum bags contain 1 dotted salmon bag, 4 plaid red bags, 1 mirrored purple bag, 3 shiny aqua bags.
dotted lavender bags contain 1 light green bag, 3 light magenta bags.
bright gold bags contain 4 dim blue bags, 5 dark salmon bags, 2 posh crimson bags.
striped violet bags contain 4 posh plum bags, 1 drab crimson bag, 2 faded orange bags, 3 dotted green bags.
dull plum bags contain 1 dark maroon bag.
striped tomato bags contain 5 striped maroon bags, 1 plaid turquoise bag.
muted bronze bags contain 1 plaid red bag.
dull lavender bags contain 2 plaid white bags.
dark bronze bags contain 1 clear turquoise bag, 5 dim purple bags, 2 bright turquoise bags, 2 striped coral bags.
muted green bags contain 3 plaid white bags, 5 pale blue bags, 3 plaid tan bags, 2 clear turquoise bags.
mirrored bronze bags contain 2 faded white bags, 3 bright teal bags, 2 clear red bags, 2 clear crimson bags.
clear silver bags contain 5 dim yellow bags, 2 striped brown bags, 1 muted magenta bag.
dark indigo bags contain 3 faded maroon bags, 3 mirrored purple bags.
posh silver bags contain 3 dotted maroon bags, 1 striped indigo bag, 1 faded red bag.
light teal bags contain 1 vibrant beige bag, 1 striped plum bag, 4 dim salmon bags.
dull orange bags contain 2 shiny teal bags, 5 muted teal bags, 1 dark fuchsia bag, 4 bright magenta bags.
muted red bags contain 2 mirrored magenta bags.
dotted gray bags contain 3 dull maroon bags, 4 mirrored blue bags, 3 mirrored red bags.
light lime bags contain 5 plaid fuchsia bags, 4 posh plum bags.
pale coral bags contain 3 shiny gray bags, 2 plaid beige bags.
dim brown bags contain 1 faded gray bag.
drab tan bags contain 5 dotted crimson bags.
clear chartreuse bags contain 4 faded maroon bags, 5 plaid white bags.
posh maroon bags contain 1 clear beige bag, 5 light black bags.
mirrored blue bags contain 4 faded gray bags, 5 mirrored olive bags, 1 pale lime bag.
clear coral bags contain 1 plaid fuchsia bag, 4 drab yellow bags, 4 light bronze bags.
mirrored orange bags contain 4 mirrored lavender bags, 3 faded orange bags, 4 mirrored gold bags, 3 dim silver bags.
pale bronze bags contain 4 plaid orange bags, 3 wavy chartreuse bags, 2 clear red bags.
faded yellow bags contain 2 posh green bags.
light magenta bags contain 3 clear silver bags, 3 pale magenta bags.
clear aqua bags contain 2 dark tan bags.
clear yellow bags contain 5 dim violet bags, 5 drab bronze bags.
plaid yellow bags contain 4 dotted salmon bags.
pale salmon bags contain 2 plaid olive bags, 5 clear beige bags.
bright magenta bags contain 2 shiny maroon bags, 1 bright maroon bag, 5 shiny white bags.
dull brown bags contain 4 posh fuchsia bags, 2 dotted tan bags.
muted magenta bags contain no other bags.
muted lavender bags contain 5 light aqua bags, 1 faded maroon bag, 4 plaid lavender bags.
dotted violet bags contain 2 pale red bags, 3 mirrored magenta bags.
wavy gray bags contain 5 dark indigo bags, 3 dim yellow bags, 3 posh lime bags, 1 wavy yellow bag.
posh beige bags contain 4 mirrored magenta bags, 1 striped brown bag, 1 mirrored aqua bag, 5 dotted silver bags.
drab crimson bags contain 2 faded coral bags, 4 light indigo bags, 4 dark indigo bags.
wavy magenta bags contain 5 clear gold bags, 4 dim purple bags, 3 pale green bags.
dim fuchsia bags contain 2 drab teal bags, 4 plaid brown bags, 5 faded orange bags.
faded indigo bags contain 2 faded orange bags, 4 striped turquoise bags, 4 pale salmon bags, 4 bright cyan bags.
posh yellow bags contain 2 pale gold bags, 3 posh coral bags, 1 dotted tan bag.
muted chartreuse bags contain 5 plaid brown bags, 3 dull green bags.
dotted plum bags contain 4 mirrored purple bags, 1 drab tan bag, 3 striped white bags.
clear plum bags contain 3 posh green bags.
striped red bags contain 1 striped tomato bag, 1 wavy fuchsia bag, 3 clear yellow bags.
striped aqua bags contain 4 posh teal bags, 2 bright beige bags.
dim gold bags contain 5 dull salmon bags, 3 mirrored red bags, 1 mirrored black bag.
mirrored brown bags contain 1 mirrored salmon bag.
wavy plum bags contain 3 shiny yellow bags, 5 light crimson bags, 5 dotted silver bags.
striped coral bags contain no other bags.
dark gray bags contain 4 dotted salmon bags, 2 clear brown bags, 2 posh crimson bags, 5 mirrored plum bags.
posh chartreuse bags contain 2 wavy fuchsia bags, 4 mirrored beige bags.
dotted gold bags contain 1 dark lavender bag, 1 striped black bag.
posh green bags contain 3 dotted salmon bags, 4 pale salmon bags, 3 posh red bags, 4 dim green bags.
plaid blue bags contain 2 posh green bags, 3 dim cyan bags, 5 dull bronze bags.
light lavender bags contain 5 muted green bags, 1 light violet bag, 5 muted plum bags.
pale plum bags contain 5 muted lavender bags, 5 light bronze bags, 4 plaid crimson bags.
mirrored indigo bags contain 4 dark violet bags, 2 wavy purple bags, 5 plaid tan bags.
dim violet bags contain 4 mirrored black bags, 4 dull lime bags, 3 posh crimson bags, 1 pale brown bag.
shiny coral bags contain 1 light aqua bag, 5 plaid olive bags, 4 bright turquoise bags.
dotted cyan bags contain 4 shiny olive bags, 4 light bronze bags, 2 dim plum bags.
mirrored teal bags contain 5 dim violet bags.
shiny purple bags contain 4 dim magenta bags, 2 clear white bags, 3 posh silver bags, 1 shiny turquoise bag.
shiny gray bags contain 5 pale lavender bags, 3 vibrant turquoise bags, 1 faded maroon bag, 1 bright cyan bag.
mirrored chartreuse bags contain 2 clear white bags.
light beige bags contain 5 mirrored turquoise bags, 5 plaid maroon bags, 3 light silver bags.
dull tomato bags contain 1 shiny gold bag, 4 pale blue bags.
plaid teal bags contain 1 dim purple bag, 3 striped turquoise bags, 3 light indigo bags, 2 faded red bags.
vibrant aqua bags contain 3 mirrored turquoise bags, 1 light plum bag, 5 clear teal bags, 1 dull blue bag.
dotted turquoise bags contain 5 bright fuchsia bags, 5 dim blue bags, 3 posh green bags, 3 wavy red bags.
dark lavender bags contain 1 mirrored lime bag, 2 plaid red bags, 2 striped white bags, 1 plaid tomato bag.
plaid tan bags contain 5 plaid white bags.
pale olive bags contain 1 clear salmon bag.
wavy indigo bags contain 1 plaid black bag, 1 wavy teal bag, 3 mirrored salmon bags.
drab chartreuse bags contain 2 light lime bags, 3 drab yellow bags.
drab blue bags contain 3 vibrant brown bags.
muted purple bags contain 2 shiny yellow bags.
muted aqua bags contain 4 striped white bags.
mirrored violet bags contain 3 wavy violet bags, 4 mirrored aqua bags.
bright cyan bags contain 3 wavy fuchsia bags, 2 dark coral bags, 1 shiny orange bag.
posh teal bags contain 5 bright gray bags, 4 faded gray bags, 2 plaid turquoise bags.
muted lime bags contain 2 striped coral bags, 1 dark tan bag, 4 plaid cyan bags.
mirrored crimson bags contain 4 faded violet bags, 1 posh purple bag.
light blue bags contain 2 dotted blue bags, 2 dark gold bags, 5 bright cyan bags, 1 light crimson bag.
dull beige bags contain 2 dark turquoise bags, 5 mirrored violet bags, 1 muted crimson bag.
dark cyan bags contain 5 muted blue bags.
dim turquoise bags contain 3 shiny silver bags, 1 pale yellow bag, 3 plaid chartreuse bags, 1 posh bronze bag.
faded brown bags contain 3 dim silver bags, 2 mirrored bronze bags.
wavy bronze bags contain 3 shiny tomato bags, 3 dim salmon bags.
pale brown bags contain 3 pale tan bags, 2 plaid olive bags, 2 posh lavender bags, 1 shiny aqua bag.
dull white bags contain 1 dull red bag, 5 dark gold bags, 3 striped magenta bags, 2 muted green bags.
plaid crimson bags contain 5 drab bronze bags, 2 pale blue bags.
bright lavender bags contain 1 dark bronze bag.
plaid red bags contain 3 striped turquoise bags, 4 dull crimson bags, 1 striped brown bag, 2 clear crimson bags.
muted gold bags contain 5 dotted black bags, 1 striped salmon bag, 3 drab purple bags, 5 bright red bags.
striped silver bags contain 3 posh black bags.
bright aqua bags contain 4 light orange bags, 3 wavy blue bags, 3 dull lime bags.
plaid fuchsia bags contain 2 shiny orange bags.
bright violet bags contain 1 drab turquoise bag, 1 dim cyan bag, 4 pale blue bags, 3 wavy blue bags.
dim white bags contain 1 plaid black bag, 5 plaid violet bags, 2 light gray bags.
bright tan bags contain 5 bright gold bags, 3 shiny salmon bags, 2 muted magenta bags, 1 dotted black bag.
shiny bronze bags contain 3 light aqua bags, 4 clear crimson bags, 1 light beige bag, 4 clear blue bags.
muted silver bags contain 4 striped lavender bags.
dull red bags contain 1 dim coral bag, 1 faded plum bag, 4 plaid red bags.
wavy aqua bags contain 2 dotted fuchsia bags, 2 mirrored tomato bags.
dark olive bags contain 4 muted yellow bags, 2 shiny gold bags, 2 posh crimson bags.
dark crimson bags contain 3 shiny aqua bags, 1 wavy black bag.
dark brown bags contain 2 drab lavender bags, 5 posh green bags, 4 pale turquoise bags.
pale blue bags contain 2 striped coral bags, 2 shiny gold bags.
vibrant blue bags contain 1 mirrored lavender bag, 4 dark aqua bags, 5 wavy coral bags.
posh cyan bags contain 1 dull lavender bag, 3 striped gray bags, 1 vibrant orange bag.
faded red bags contain 1 posh crimson bag, 1 wavy coral bag, 5 clear beige bags, 3 dotted silver bags.
vibrant gold bags contain 3 drab lavender bags, 5 dim magenta bags, 2 bright tomato bags, 4 light magenta bags.
shiny chartreuse bags contain 5 vibrant turquoise bags.
clear gray bags contain 4 wavy coral bags, 2 dark salmon bags, 3 dark indigo bags.
pale maroon bags contain 4 posh tomato bags, 5 bright tan bags.
light turquoise bags contain 3 drab fuchsia bags, 4 bright silver bags, 5 light green bags.
muted crimson bags contain 1 dim yellow bag, 4 wavy fuchsia bags, 2 mirrored magenta bags, 2 clear beige bags.
dull gray bags contain 2 posh green bags.
light fuchsia bags contain 5 dark gold bags, 3 plaid black bags, 2 bright lavender bags.
striped green bags contain 2 striped fuchsia bags, 5 dull tomato bags, 2 posh crimson bags.
mirrored purple bags contain 2 posh crimson bags, 2 mirrored magenta bags, 3 wavy violet bags, 1 striped coral bag.
vibrant black bags contain 3 clear magenta bags, 4 muted salmon bags, 5 posh blue bags.
plaid beige bags contain 2 dark black bags, 5 plaid yellow bags, 2 bright violet bags.
pale teal bags contain 3 pale crimson bags.
striped turquoise bags contain no other bags.
dim purple bags contain 2 dull crimson bags, 5 bright red bags.
faded cyan bags contain 5 posh aqua bags, 4 dull green bags, 3 dark olive bags.
mirrored cyan bags contain 5 plaid salmon bags, 4 dim salmon bags, 4 posh tomato bags.
striped purple bags contain 2 faded salmon bags, 2 bright tan bags, 4 drab white bags.
bright blue bags contain 3 light purple bags, 1 pale yellow bag.
faded bronze bags contain 1 light indigo bag, 3 plaid green bags, 5 posh orange bags.
striped white bags contain 4 drab indigo bags, 5 wavy tomato bags, 5 dotted fuchsia bags, 2 dim silver bags.
clear lime bags contain 2 dotted magenta bags, 5 striped magenta bags, 3 bright coral bags, 3 mirrored silver bags.
bright white bags contain 3 dim lavender bags.
dim crimson bags contain 1 posh black bag, 1 mirrored silver bag.
clear olive bags contain 4 vibrant purple bags, 3 drab lavender bags, 2 pale violet bags.
light coral bags contain 2 dotted green bags, 2 wavy aqua bags, 4 dark salmon bags, 3 light gold bags.
muted plum bags contain 5 plaid tan bags, 1 mirrored silver bag, 3 vibrant turquoise bags.
dim plum bags contain 4 bright plum bags.
drab bronze bags contain 1 light indigo bag, 3 striped brown bags, 3 clear gold bags, 3 clear gray bags.
plaid maroon bags contain 1 dotted orange bag, 5 light magenta bags, 4 faded salmon bags, 3 pale yellow bags.
wavy violet bags contain 2 dotted silver bags, 3 dull crimson bags, 5 mirrored aqua bags, 4 striped brown bags.
pale crimson bags contain 3 bright chartreuse bags, 4 light turquoise bags, 1 bright gray bag, 1 muted bronze bag.
mirrored aqua bags contain no other bags.
clear crimson bags contain 2 pale salmon bags, 4 mirrored magenta bags, 1 striped coral bag, 5 plaid olive bags.
dark tan bags contain 4 wavy silver bags, 4 dark aqua bags.
wavy maroon bags contain 3 clear gray bags.
light crimson bags contain 3 clear silver bags.
vibrant green bags contain 1 clear magenta bag, 1 dim white bag, 4 plaid black bags.
bright bronze bags contain 2 light brown bags.
light maroon bags contain 5 bright red bags, 2 bright tan bags, 5 dim silver bags, 4 pale salmon bags.
dark coral bags contain 2 light crimson bags.
pale silver bags contain 2 mirrored magenta bags, 3 posh red bags, 1 muted yellow bag, 5 dark salmon bags.
dotted crimson bags contain 4 faded salmon bags, 4 vibrant beige bags, 5 dim beige bags.
dull silver bags contain 1 striped brown bag, 2 shiny magenta bags.
striped beige bags contain 4 clear crimson bags.
faded orange bags contain 2 drab white bags, 3 striped salmon bags, 5 bright chartreuse bags.
drab olive bags contain 4 clear purple bags.
dull maroon bags contain 3 dotted magenta bags.
vibrant lavender bags contain 2 light tomato bags, 1 shiny teal bag.
dotted chartreuse bags contain 4 faded white bags, 2 light brown bags.
drab cyan bags contain 2 pale coral bags, 3 light purple bags, 2 drab bronze bags, 1 dim beige bag.
bright teal bags contain 2 vibrant plum bags, 2 dull tan bags, 1 dim tomato bag, 5 dark violet bags.
wavy fuchsia bags contain 1 dim green bag, 2 wavy violet bags.
drab black bags contain 3 striped tomato bags, 4 light salmon bags, 4 dim yellow bags, 3 shiny black bags.
dark green bags contain 5 dark tan bags.
clear tomato bags contain 4 mirrored gold bags, 4 dark gold bags.
plaid aqua bags contain 5 dotted coral bags, 1 muted white bag.
plaid white bags contain 3 clear crimson bags, 3 wavy gold bags, 3 pale lime bags, 2 striped brown bags.
muted black bags contain 1 wavy tan bag, 4 mirrored turquoise bags.
faded aqua bags contain 5 dull turquoise bags, 1 vibrant tan bag.
vibrant brown bags contain 5 pale silver bags, 3 drab orange bags, 1 clear olive bag.
pale cyan bags contain 2 faded cyan bags, 1 mirrored tan bag, 3 vibrant aqua bags, 3 light gold bags.
shiny salmon bags contain 5 posh red bags, 5 light chartreuse bags, 2 striped brown bags.
plaid lime bags contain 4 dim gold bags, 1 clear magenta bag.
drab tomato bags contain 5 clear orange bags.
faded beige bags contain 3 dark crimson bags, 2 mirrored tan bags.
vibrant crimson bags contain 4 wavy blue bags, 5 clear gray bags.
dotted maroon bags contain 5 dotted red bags, 4 wavy silver bags, 1 drab brown bag, 3 dark black bags.
striped indigo bags contain 3 striped orange bags.
dim orange bags contain 1 wavy lavender bag, 5 drab brown bags, 1 dull salmon bag.
posh olive bags contain 3 faded indigo bags, 1 plaid white bag.
striped lavender bags contain 1 bright red bag.
muted violet bags contain 3 bright tan bags, 5 striped coral bags, 1 drab bronze bag.
wavy tan bags contain 1 striped brown bag, 3 dim salmon bags, 1 posh fuchsia bag, 4 mirrored violet bags.
dull magenta bags contain 1 clear red bag, 4 dull green bags, 2 posh lime bags, 5 mirrored gold bags.
dotted red bags contain 1 mirrored black bag, 3 dull bronze bags, 2 dim salmon bags.
drab turquoise bags contain 5 muted yellow bags, 1 light indigo bag, 5 dotted black bags.
faded purple bags contain 5 dim orange bags, 3 dark red bags.
faded teal bags contain 1 bright fuchsia bag.
plaid gray bags contain 5 pale aqua bags.
bright black bags contain 4 wavy violet bags.
dim green bags contain 3 mirrored aqua bags, 1 light chartreuse bag, 1 light indigo bag.
dark gold bags contain 2 mirrored red bags, 2 bright lavender bags, 3 pale crimson bags.
dark plum bags contain 2 pale salmon bags.
wavy orange bags contain 2 light tan bags, 1 pale yellow bag, 2 shiny aqua bags, 4 vibrant orange bags.
bright chartreuse bags contain 5 dark salmon bags, 1 plaid olive bag.
wavy purple bags contain 4 faded coral bags, 2 vibrant orange bags.
shiny violet bags contain 3 plaid chartreuse bags, 2 plaid brown bags.
posh indigo bags contain 1 posh salmon bag.
clear indigo bags contain 3 light violet bags.
plaid purple bags contain 1 clear blue bag, 2 muted gold bags, 1 dull brown bag.
posh lavender bags contain 1 plaid black bag, 3 shiny orange bags, 3 posh red bags, 4 plaid cyan bags.
wavy silver bags contain 3 plaid cyan bags, 1 plaid olive bag.
posh salmon bags contain 3 clear gray bags, 5 dotted silver bags, 4 shiny aqua bags.
faded lavender bags contain 4 drab chartreuse bags, 4 plaid magenta bags, 1 vibrant tomato bag.
pale red bags contain 4 bright red bags, 4 pale lime bags, 3 striped turquoise bags.
bright purple bags contain 3 muted lavender bags.
dim magenta bags contain 1 plaid teal bag, 3 posh lavender bags.
posh magenta bags contain 3 pale teal bags, 5 mirrored tomato bags, 2 striped gold bags, 2 bright tomato bags.
bright brown bags contain 1 dark fuchsia bag, 4 pale yellow bags, 5 shiny crimson bags.
light red bags contain 1 wavy teal bag.
pale turquoise bags contain 3 mirrored yellow bags.
vibrant magenta bags contain 4 dark gold bags.
dotted salmon bags contain 3 wavy violet bags, 4 shiny aqua bags, 4 dull bronze bags.
mirrored gray bags contain 3 dark plum bags, 3 striped gray bags, 4 plaid violet bags.
dim yellow bags contain 3 striped turquoise bags, 2 pale salmon bags, 4 mirrored magenta bags, 5 striped brown bags.
drab lavender bags contain 2 faded maroon bags, 2 shiny orange bags.
muted maroon bags contain 1 wavy tomato bag, 2 drab red bags.
clear gold bags contain 3 mirrored olive bags, 3 striped turquoise bags.
light bronze bags contain 1 muted lavender bag.
dotted bronze bags contain 2 dotted turquoise bags.
pale tomato bags contain 3 shiny beige bags, 1 mirrored tomato bag, 2 dotted maroon bags, 2 wavy teal bags.
pale chartreuse bags contain 5 plaid silver bags.
drab magenta bags contain 5 wavy tomato bags, 1 drab brown bag, 2 posh maroon bags, 5 mirrored teal bags.
posh blue bags contain 3 muted lime bags, 1 mirrored tomato bag, 5 shiny aqua bags.
posh purple bags contain 5 dull maroon bags.
posh bronze bags contain 2 mirrored orange bags, 2 pale violet bags, 2 plaid gray bags.
pale gold bags contain 4 striped brown bags, 2 muted green bags.
faded crimson bags contain 5 drab salmon bags, 2 posh crimson bags, 3 light purple bags, 5 clear red bags.
vibrant fuchsia bags contain 2 posh beige bags, 4 dotted indigo bags, 5 pale silver bags, 4 clear black bags.
faded lime bags contain 3 posh plum bags, 3 shiny aqua bags, 4 dull chartreuse bags.
shiny fuchsia bags contain 4 shiny salmon bags, 3 pale chartreuse bags.
wavy lavender bags contain 2 dark blue bags, 5 muted salmon bags.
pale indigo bags contain 1 wavy gold bag, 1 clear silver bag, 3 dim blue bags.
drab violet bags contain 4 muted yellow bags.
shiny plum bags contain 3 bright black bags, 5 pale teal bags, 5 light red bags, 2 plaid magenta bags.
shiny gold bags contain 1 vibrant chartreuse bag.
wavy gold bags contain 5 posh beige bags, 1 mirrored aqua bag.
dark salmon bags contain 3 light aqua bags, 3 posh red bags, 2 mirrored black bags, 1 posh crimson bag.
pale tan bags contain 4 wavy coral bags.
dull tan bags contain 4 bright cyan bags.
clear maroon bags contain 4 dim magenta bags, 2 shiny lavender bags.
light white bags contain 3 dark brown bags, 4 bright fuchsia bags.
wavy red bags contain 4 dim red bags.
dotted aqua bags contain 4 striped teal bags.
bright beige bags contain 5 shiny tomato bags.
plaid indigo bags contain 1 muted bronze bag.
light yellow bags contain 2 striped black bags, 2 muted gold bags, 3 dotted tan bags, 5 dark coral bags.
vibrant silver bags contain 2 dim blue bags.
posh tomato bags contain 5 bright red bags, 3 posh red bags, 3 plaid olive bags, 4 clear crimson bags.
pale magenta bags contain 3 mirrored blue bags, 5 dull maroon bags, 5 dark violet bags.
light indigo bags contain 2 plaid olive bags, 1 plaid black bag, 3 dark indigo bags.
shiny green bags contain 1 vibrant chartreuse bag, 4 bright lavender bags, 3 wavy crimson bags, 4 dull red bags.
striped maroon bags contain 2 posh coral bags, 2 striped gray bags, 3 clear plum bags.
posh fuchsia bags contain 2 wavy gold bags, 2 posh beige bags.
dim coral bags contain 4 wavy gold bags, 4 muted lavender bags.
faded maroon bags contain 5 dim purple bags, 4 bright red bags, 5 wavy violet bags, 1 mirrored aqua bag.
striped black bags contain 4 plaid fuchsia bags, 5 bright lavender bags, 4 dull black bags.
mirrored gold bags contain 3 dotted silver bags.
light tomato bags contain 5 pale brown bags, 3 wavy coral bags.
dark white bags contain 2 mirrored tomato bags, 1 striped orange bag, 1 dim olive bag, 2 dotted blue bags.
dotted green bags contain 3 clear plum bags.
dotted brown bags contain 1 clear magenta bag.
muted orange bags contain 3 muted olive bags, 2 faded yellow bags, 2 faded turquoise bags, 3 muted violet bags.
dull olive bags contain 2 dotted teal bags.
mirrored lime bags contain 4 dark violet bags, 4 muted yellow bags.
wavy green bags contain 5 bright lime bags.
drab purple bags contain 2 striped turquoise bags, 4 clear silver bags, 1 muted lime bag.
clear cyan bags contain 5 light lavender bags.
dim black bags contain 3 dull black bags.
posh gray bags contain 4 mirrored magenta bags.
dotted yellow bags contain 4 light maroon bags, 1 clear blue bag, 5 dark maroon bags.
mirrored olive bags contain 2 dark violet bags, 2 dull crimson bags, 5 dim salmon bags, 5 bright tan bags.
dark blue bags contain 3 dull aqua bags, 1 dim teal bag.
dull bronze bags contain 4 striped coral bags.
drab maroon bags contain 2 dark bronze bags, 1 wavy blue bag.
mirrored lavender bags contain 4 clear black bags.
dim beige bags contain 3 shiny silver bags, 2 dark purple bags, 3 dull green bags.
light violet bags contain 1 muted gray bag, 5 wavy tomato bags.
striped chartreuse bags contain 3 dull tan bags, 1 dim salmon bag.
posh red bags contain 2 clear crimson bags, 2 striped coral bags, 2 bright red bags.
wavy beige bags contain 5 muted silver bags, 5 pale teal bags.
light gray bags contain 5 drab indigo bags, 3 posh crimson bags, 1 dark tan bag, 2 pale red bags.
muted white bags contain 3 wavy fuchsia bags.
pale violet bags contain 4 wavy tan bags, 2 plaid yellow bags.
drab fuchsia bags contain 1 plaid lavender bag, 2 pale lime bags.
clear green bags contain 4 light indigo bags.
vibrant turquoise bags contain 2 vibrant tan bags, 3 clear silver bags.
faded green bags contain 5 striped orange bags, 4 bright fuchsia bags.
striped tan bags contain 4 wavy silver bags.
clear white bags contain 3 vibrant fuchsia bags, 2 pale silver bags, 1 vibrant indigo bag, 3 shiny silver bags.
dim cyan bags contain 2 mirrored black bags, 2 plaid chartreuse bags, 4 bright gold bags.
muted gray bags contain 3 mirrored violet bags, 4 dim yellow bags.
mirrored maroon bags contain 5 clear crimson bags, 2 clear gray bags, 1 dotted salmon bag.
dim bronze bags contain 2 striped plum bags, 2 bright orange bags.
shiny tomato bags contain 4 dim yellow bags, 2 faded bronze bags, 1 drab maroon bag, 3 dim gold bags.
muted olive bags contain 2 mirrored yellow bags, 4 bright olive bags.
shiny brown bags contain 3 bright coral bags.
clear blue bags contain 2 pale green bags, 2 light violet bags, 4 plaid crimson bags.
faded tan bags contain 4 dim crimson bags, 3 mirrored turquoise bags, 3 drab gold bags.
muted cyan bags contain 2 drab silver bags.
mirrored red bags contain 1 bright gold bag.
faded salmon bags contain 5 posh red bags, 4 dull crimson bags, 3 dotted salmon bags, 5 shiny olive bags.
dark purple bags contain 5 dim magenta bags.
dotted lime bags contain 4 posh fuchsia bags, 3 wavy tan bags, 2 mirrored aqua bags, 1 shiny aqua bag.
posh tan bags contain 3 plaid tan bags, 2 drab fuchsia bags.
dotted teal bags contain 4 dull crimson bags, 2 bright lavender bags, 2 wavy tan bags, 4 muted crimson bags.
clear purple bags contain 4 shiny aqua bags, 1 dim cyan bag, 3 dotted black bags, 4 dull gray bags.
light gold bags contain 2 dotted magenta bags, 5 dark olive bags, 3 dim cyan bags, 2 dark indigo bags.
mirrored silver bags contain 2 plaid black bags, 3 vibrant beige bags, 3 mirrored purple bags, 3 dotted lime bags.
posh black bags contain 4 wavy violet bags, 3 plaid teal bags.
faded silver bags contain 2 vibrant purple bags, 5 shiny olive bags.
drab teal bags contain 2 dotted salmon bags, 4 posh beige bags, 4 mirrored tan bags, 1 muted green bag.
dark maroon bags contain 2 dark tan bags, 5 mirrored gold bags, 2 dim plum bags.
striped plum bags contain 3 striped coral bags, 5 clear brown bags, 1 striped brown bag.
striped bronze bags contain 4 drab yellow bags, 4 striped chartreuse bags, 5 posh plum bags, 3 clear blue bags.
drab plum bags contain 1 shiny gold bag, 5 vibrant tan bags, 3 light gold bags.
clear fuchsia bags contain 1 vibrant red bag.
dark silver bags contain 5 clear salmon bags, 1 faded yellow bag, 1 shiny lavender bag, 3 wavy fuchsia bags.
striped lime bags contain 2 dim tomato bags, 3 light fuchsia bags, 1 light lime bag.
wavy salmon bags contain 1 shiny tomato bag, 1 light tomato bag.
dim maroon bags contain 4 faded beige bags, 2 bright turquoise bags, 4 dull purple bags, 4 vibrant olive bags.
faded chartreuse bags contain 4 mirrored blue bags, 5 posh white bags, 2 wavy magenta bags.
clear magenta bags contain 2 muted bronze bags, 5 dim yellow bags, 2 dotted lime bags.
bright silver bags contain 2 bright gold bags, 4 wavy yellow bags.
dull violet bags contain 3 faded beige bags, 1 mirrored orange bag, 1 mirrored aqua bag.
vibrant cyan bags contain 2 clear aqua bags, 2 dark maroon bags, 5 pale tan bags.
light chartreuse bags contain 1 wavy gold bag, 2 posh tomato bags, 2 clear silver bags.
dotted olive bags contain 5 wavy crimson bags, 1 drab tomato bag.
posh aqua bags contain 3 striped brown bags.
posh orange bags contain 2 wavy coral bags.
dull cyan bags contain 1 dark tan bag, 5 dull gray bags, 3 drab turquoise bags, 4 shiny aqua bags.
muted teal bags contain 4 dull blue bags.
bright turquoise bags contain 5 dull bronze bags, 1 plaid lavender bag.
plaid tomato bags contain 2 muted lime bags, 1 light indigo bag, 5 posh tomato bags.
dim salmon bags contain 1 dark indigo bag, 5 plaid brown bags, 3 clear crimson bags, 4 clear silver bags.
posh brown bags contain 3 clear silver bags, 5 faded cyan bags, 4 posh crimson bags.
dark turquoise bags contain 1 drab crimson bag, 5 striped coral bags.
dull crimson bags contain no other bags.
striped teal bags contain 5 plaid lavender bags, 4 faded red bags.
dotted blue bags contain 5 muted beige bags.
vibrant plum bags contain 1 pale lime bag, 1 posh red bag, 1 dull bronze bag, 3 drab silver bags.
wavy coral bags contain 4 mirrored magenta bags, 5 dim yellow bags, 4 bright red bags, 2 posh crimson bags.
dark chartreuse bags contain 5 dotted fuchsia bags, 3 mirrored silver bags, 5 mirrored aqua bags, 4 dim cyan bags.
vibrant teal bags contain 3 vibrant silver bags.
shiny beige bags contain 5 posh teal bags.
dim olive bags contain 3 clear gray bags, 4 wavy gold bags.
drab yellow bags contain 4 light chartreuse bags, 3 striped crimson bags, 2 faded gray bags.
dull chartreuse bags contain 1 light lavender bag.
dotted silver bags contain no other bags.
shiny blue bags contain 5 dull brown bags, 2 dark coral bags, 4 shiny crimson bags.
mirrored black bags contain 5 mirrored magenta bags, 1 striped turquoise bag, 2 plaid cyan bags.
dull black bags contain 4 dim purple bags, 4 dark salmon bags, 2 mirrored gold bags.
mirrored beige bags contain 4 striped fuchsia bags, 4 plaid black bags, 5 dim red bags, 5 light green bags.
dim chartreuse bags contain 4 shiny yellow bags.
shiny teal bags contain 1 vibrant maroon bag.
dim tomato bags contain 5 plaid tomato bags, 5 mirrored violet bags, 2 mirrored orange bags.
vibrant beige bags contain 1 plaid black bag, 3 dotted salmon bags, 2 posh fuchsia bags.
dull aqua bags contain 5 wavy tan bags, 3 bright olive bags.
pale lime bags contain 5 bright turquoise bags, 5 dim yellow bags, 3 shiny orange bags.
bright orange bags contain 4 muted gold bags, 1 clear white bag.
drab salmon bags contain 2 dark fuchsia bags, 2 dull gray bags.
mirrored salmon bags contain 3 posh plum bags, 1 dotted silver bag, 1 clear plum bag, 5 dull black bags.
shiny silver bags contain 4 drab lavender bags, 2 dim violet bags, 5 dark aqua bags, 2 vibrant chartreuse bags.
plaid coral bags contain 4 dim blue bags, 1 vibrant lime bag.
mirrored white bags contain 2 pale gold bags, 3 shiny green bags, 5 striped white bags.
pale gray bags contain 5 mirrored gold bags, 1 wavy silver bag, 5 posh green bags, 1 mirrored red bag.
pale white bags contain 4 shiny turquoise bags, 4 bright plum bags, 5 dotted bronze bags.
muted fuchsia bags contain 5 plaid turquoise bags, 2 dark aqua bags, 4 pale brown bags, 4 striped plum bags.
striped yellow bags contain 5 posh red bags, 1 plaid black bag.
plaid silver bags contain 2 dark indigo bags, 3 clear teal bags, 3 dotted black bags.
plaid black bags contain 3 dull crimson bags.
vibrant lime bags contain 1 dotted fuchsia bag, 4 dull bronze bags, 4 dark aqua bags, 1 dark salmon bag.
dotted white bags contain 5 dim red bags.
light aqua bags contain 5 mirrored aqua bags, 2 striped brown bags, 4 posh crimson bags.
striped brown bags contain 1 dotted silver bag, 5 clear beige bags.
vibrant red bags contain 3 bright olive bags, 3 plaid chartreuse bags, 3 light olive bags, 4 dim violet bags.
dim teal bags contain 3 clear violet bags.
bright lime bags contain 2 dull lavender bags, 4 pale turquoise bags.
striped crimson bags contain 5 bright gray bags, 4 dark green bags, 4 posh plum bags, 5 shiny coral bags.
mirrored tomato bags contain 1 wavy tan bag.
dull blue bags contain 5 bright turquoise bags, 2 striped brown bags.
mirrored yellow bags contain 4 vibrant purple bags, 4 faded bronze bags, 2 dull lavender bags, 3 light plum bags.
plaid gold bags contain 5 striped olive bags, 5 dotted chartreuse bags.
dotted coral bags contain 2 bright teal bags.
wavy crimson bags contain 5 dotted salmon bags, 1 dull crimson bag.
dark aqua bags contain 3 dull crimson bags, 5 light aqua bags, 3 mirrored purple bags, 1 striped brown bag.
vibrant yellow bags contain 1 faded beige bag, 3 dark brown bags, 1 wavy bronze bag.
wavy teal bags contain 5 dotted magenta bags.
drab white bags contain 3 pale blue bags.
muted salmon bags contain 4 posh salmon bags, 1 bright chartreuse bag.
light purple bags contain 5 dark maroon bags.
faded black bags contain 4 dull gold bags.
muted turquoise bags contain 1 wavy silver bag, 4 clear purple bags.
plaid chartreuse bags contain 1 posh crimson bag, 5 striped brown bags.
vibrant tan bags contain 2 dull blue bags, 1 posh black bag, 1 faded red bag, 5 plaid magenta bags.
shiny orange bags contain 5 vibrant chartreuse bags, 3 shiny gold bags.
shiny lavender bags contain 2 posh teal bags.
pale black bags contain 5 dark brown bags.
shiny cyan bags contain 5 wavy tomato bags, 3 bright bronze bags, 3 faded crimson bags.
faded olive bags contain 3 clear aqua bags.
dark violet bags contain 4 faded red bags.
light orange bags contain 1 posh aqua bag, 2 light crimson bags, 2 dark maroon bags.
drab silver bags contain 1 pale blue bag.
plaid bronze bags contain 5 mirrored orange bags, 4 plaid cyan bags, 1 dotted black bag.
plaid violet bags contain 1 plaid fuchsia bag, 5 clear teal bags.
clear turquoise bags contain 4 dim yellow bags, 5 plaid teal bags, 3 plaid red bags, 1 dotted salmon bag.
plaid lavender bags contain 3 clear silver bags, 4 dull bronze bags.
mirrored green bags contain 3 striped lavender bags.
faded white bags contain 2 light chartreuse bags.
bright crimson bags contain 2 mirrored purple bags.
dotted beige bags contain 1 pale salmon bag, 5 dotted teal bags, 5 light lavender bags, 3 wavy violet bags.
pale green bags contain 2 dark gold bags, 4 clear gray bags.
dull indigo bags contain 2 striped brown bags, 3 plaid plum bags.
shiny yellow bags contain 3 striped silver bags, 2 mirrored plum bags, 1 muted red bag, 5 clear gold bags.
bright maroon bags contain 2 muted crimson bags, 2 plaid chartreuse bags, 1 dim violet bag, 1 plaid blue bag.
vibrant orange bags contain 5 posh plum bags, 4 shiny gold bags.
faded fuchsia bags contain 2 dotted aqua bags.
bright indigo bags contain 3 shiny coral bags, 1 muted salmon bag, 2 clear white bags, 1 vibrant maroon bag.
shiny indigo bags contain 4 dark red bags, 2 pale lime bags.
light cyan bags contain 2 clear black bags, 2 mirrored aqua bags, 1 faded beige bag, 2 faded salmon bags.
faded gold bags contain 5 muted lime bags, 3 plaid fuchsia bags.
muted coral bags contain 2 faded indigo bags, 1 dim beige bag, 5 dotted orange bags, 4 posh black bags.
drab gray bags contain 5 clear magenta bags, 5 bright tomato bags, 1 dull gold bag.
vibrant salmon bags contain 4 bright gold bags.
dark red bags contain 5 posh black bags, 4 faded teal bags.
wavy blue bags contain 3 dim green bags, 4 dull green bags, 2 posh aqua bags.
mirrored turquoise bags contain 5 dull lime bags, 4 dark gray bags, 1 striped cyan bag, 4 muted gold bags.
wavy chartreuse bags contain 1 pale brown bag, 4 shiny chartreuse bags, 4 wavy fuchsia bags.
dim red bags contain 1 bright blue bag, 3 clear purple bags, 2 wavy crimson bags, 5 shiny black bags.
dull gold bags contain 4 wavy blue bags.
faded blue bags contain 1 plaid turquoise bag, 2 vibrant indigo bags.
shiny aqua bags contain 4 plaid cyan bags, 4 posh crimson bags.
bright salmon bags contain 1 posh red bag, 1 shiny orange bag, 1 vibrant crimson bag.
pale yellow bags contain 4 plaid cyan bags.
plaid magenta bags contain 3 plaid brown bags, 5 pale yellow bags, 5 drab fuchsia bags, 1 clear black bag.
vibrant maroon bags contain 4 dull tomato bags, 1 dotted indigo bag, 2 plaid teal bags, 2 shiny gold bags.
drab orange bags contain 3 wavy coral bags.
pale aqua bags contain 5 wavy lime bags, 5 drab turquoise bags.
shiny crimson bags contain 3 posh black bags, 5 drab fuchsia bags, 1 plaid fuchsia bag, 4 posh plum bags.
pale purple bags contain 2 clear green bags, 2 striped crimson bags, 4 drab indigo bags.
faded magenta bags contain 5 light red bags.
shiny tan bags contain 5 plaid silver bags, 3 light lavender bags, 4 wavy purple bags.
vibrant indigo bags contain 5 plaid beige bags.
wavy turquoise bags contain 4 dark teal bags, 2 dark cyan bags, 4 mirrored olive bags, 5 bright red bags.
striped blue bags contain 1 vibrant lime bag, 3 vibrant indigo bags, 1 pale maroon bag, 2 dark white bags.
faded tomato bags contain 3 plaid tan bags, 4 pale tan bags, 5 wavy violet bags, 3 pale lime bags.
bright green bags contain 1 bright purple bag, 5 posh magenta bags.
dark beige bags contain 4 light green bags, 4 light magenta bags, 5 dotted lime bags, 4 plaid salmon bags.
plaid green bags contain 2 pale salmon bags.
bright red bags contain 2 dotted silver bags.
drab lime bags contain 3 dotted bronze bags.
muted indigo bags contain 4 posh gray bags, 2 dark lavender bags, 2 plaid chartreuse bags, 2 pale red bags.
muted tan bags contain 2 muted brown bags, 3 dull maroon bags.
plaid turquoise bags contain 3 clear teal bags, 2 dull tomato bags, 5 dotted purple bags, 1 posh salmon bag.
drab aqua bags contain 3 bright lime bags, 5 posh red bags.
